# Campus_Buddy (CU Digital Outing System)
CAMPUS BUDDY (CU Digital Outing System) is a complete website that will help the management to ease the tedious task of handling the outings and leave of students living in hostels. It will basically involve the warden who will generate the gate-pass for the students taking leave or outing and the authority responsible at the security gates who will verify the pass generated that it belongs to the particular student or not.

Until now the students had to wait for their turns to get their gate passes which was made by their respective warden’s and the passes were handmade so they took a lot of time and after this also the work was not over, the students had to and make the in-out entry at the security gate where the guard sat with a register and the students had to enter all the details again so that their record existed until they returned back to hostel. Here the security guard also verified the gate pass that it was actually generated by the warden. 

As there is so much advancement in technology so why not take the management in hostels to a higher level where this management system reduces the effort and also check for validity with maximum efficiency. This management system removes the involvement of students with the gate-passes as only the wardens and the security will be dealing with the website as mentioned above. The only thing required by the student will be the id card issued by the university at the time of admission that contains the detail of the student.

Overall this website will reduce the work load of the wardens and at the security gate and also will enable the authority to keep track of students who without permission seek out of the campus and will also store the past records of outings so that if any problems arise it can be handled effectively.

Earlier this website was hosted on AWS using Elastic Beanstalk but due to lack of funds it was removed after a year. So the database is now local to the system.

# INFORMATION

This github repo now contains the frontend content and does not contain the database files.
The aws hosting now is no more live.

OLD URL - http://campusbuddy-env.kw8iyfzmpp.us-east-1.elasticbeanstalk.com/
